Troubleshoot Pulumi & system wide proxy server (#1797)
pulumi/pulumi-hugo: themes/default/content/docs/support/troubleshooting.md

If you must downgrade the version of a provider your `pulumi` program depends on, you will need to [manually edit your deployment](#editing-your-deployment)
and change the version of the provider your stack depends on and then import that as the latest state of your stack.

> ### Nothing happens when running Pulumi

Reviewer: can we add proxy to this heading somehow?

Author: I will review it later today. 😉

Author: Updated the title.

You run Pulumi and nothing happens, with output resembling like this:

```
$ pulumi up
Previewing update (<stack name>):

Resources:

$
```

> You probably have a system-wide proxy server running on your machine. The [Pulumi architecture ](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/intro/concepts/how-pulumi-works/)
> has 3 different components, running as separate processes which talk to each other using a bidirectional gRPC protocol
> on IP address `127.0.0.1`. Your proxy server should be configured **NOT** to proxy
> these local network connections. Check if you can add both `127.0.0.1` and `localhost` to the exclusion list of your proxy server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a system-wide proxy server running on your machine, it may be misconfigured. The [Pulumi architecture ](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/intro/concepts/how-pulumi-works/)
has three different components, running as separate processes which talk to each other using a bidirectional gRPC protocol
on IP address `127.0.0.1`. Your proxy server should be configured **NOT** to proxy
these local network connections. Add both `127.0.0.1` and `localhost` to the exclusion list of your proxy server.
```
